Facebook Group English group Hey guys, lets share our ideas and more See u Jaqui	3
Thanks Jaqui, I think the facebook group is a great idea. I just joined.	3
I'm in.	3
Count me in.	3
Thank you, I have just sent the request.	3
Thanks for adding!!	3
Just sent a request )	3
request sent. Maiel Perez	3
hey everyone :) i just sent my request.	3
Request sent. :)	3
a good idea, so that our friends who are not in the class can see what we are doing.	3
Thanks ;)	3
Count me in too :)	3
Hello!!!	3
just sent a request! :) nice to 'meet' you all!	3
Request sent! :-)	3
thank you! had just sent a request also..... :)	3
Hello! Sent a request.	3
Hi there! Have sent in a request!	3
Hi there, I have just sent a request. See you there:-)	3
Hello! I will be sending a request under my Facebook name 'Nichole Cybele Suzanne,' since I don't use my full real name on Facebook. Hope to see you soon!	3
just sent the request, thanks!	3
Thanks for starting this group. I just sent my request.	3
I sent the request. Nice to have Facebook-group as a supplement to this forum. :)	3
Sent a request under my nom de plume Grace Camel, thanks.	3
My request was blocked....'closed group.' Need help.	3
genial, saludos desde Uruguay, y buena suerte en el curso.	3
hola! desde Puerto Rico...me alegro por el grupo. Saludos !	3
soy anglohablante nativo y estaria dispuesto a ayudar en cuanto pueda.	3
Republica Dominicana , presente :)	3
Genial , mas hispanos :D	3
Saludos desde monterrey, nl, mexico	3
Saludos deL DF.. =) espero tengamos un buen curso	3
Me apunto!	3
Luego me pasas una receta para Mongets amb butifarra!! aunque ya la edad no me permita mas que probarlos. :)	3
Saludos de una chica de Bilbao residente en Austria! :)	3
Genial! Saludos desde Tenerife!	3
Me pueden dar de alta en el grupo en Facebook, ya que me aparece como un grupo privado!	3
Yo tambien soy de Argentina! :D, ya mande la solicitud.. un poco tarde pero.... :D Saludos a todos!! y suerte en el curso!	3
Hola! otra mexicana, =)	3
Ooops no habia visto este y me inclui al de ingles pero ahora lo checho, saludos del D:F!!	3
Bibi Hola Peter entre a la pagina pero como se utilizaria. De todas maneras ya estoy en el grupo de FB. Gracias	3
Hola amigos. Saludos desde la ciudad de Vigo.	3
Hola, Yanet Acosta, canaria en Madrid. Me alegro de conocerles!	3
Saludos a todos desde Mexicali BC Mexico !! nos vemos en facebook	3
Hola a todos! Saludos!! Natalia desde Bolivia	3
muy buena la idea	3
Hola a todos! soy de Barcelona, aunque vivo en Suiza :) un saludo!	3
Ya hice la solicitud para estar todos en sintonia.....yo soy de venezuela	3
Foro alternativo en grupos google:	3
Hola de Peru, viviendo en Bolivia.	3
Que bueno ver otros Colombianos aqui!! un saludo de Bogota	3
Hola a todo@s los hispanoparlantes, soy colombiana y vivo en USA. El curso me ha parecido muy interesante, ya que ha tocado puntos que relamente yo no le habia prestado atencion a pesar que me encanta la cocina y sobre todo preparar platos de otras nacionalidades. Estoy disfrutando estas clases un 'monton'. Hablo los dos idiomas en caso alguien necesite ayuda.	3
Hola!	3
Holaaa ! Que gusto encontrar este grupo.	3
Tambien soy de Bogota. Que bueno verte por aca. Slaudos	3
seria mucha ayuda para mi	3
me uno!	3
Desde El Salvador, saludos. Espero poder contribuir y ayudar en todo lo que se pueda.	3
nivel intermedio, creo....	3
Saludos desde Merida, Yucatan, de lujo poder compartir esta experiencia con mas hispanos. Espero me ayuden mucho y espero ayudarlos en lo que pueda, saludos...	3
Saludos desde San Diego, California.	3
Genial la iniciativa! Saludos desde Montreal, ya me apunte al grupo en Facebook	3
cual es el grupo en facebook? jajaja	3
Hola a todos!!	3
Saludos a todos desde Colombia ...... con ansias de empezar este buen curso !!!	3
Super!!!!! Muchas gracias por esta idea. Saludos a tod@s desde Colombia tierra querida.	3
Ah! por cierto desde Bucaramanga, Santander, Colombia.	3
Hola a todos, soy mexicana pero los saludo desde Colombia. Que disfruten el curso pues se ve que va a estar muy divertido!	3
Hola, Buenas noches, saludos desde Orlando Fl.	3
Hola desde Barcelona	3
Hola! Soy de la Republica Dominicana y vivo en New Hampshire.	3
Hola:	3
hola desde Lima Peru... algun peruano??? :)	3
Yo les comparto este dato:	3
Gracias! Es una belleza	3
desde Ecuador saludos	3
Me tienen impresionada. Voy a copiar todo esto para irlo aplicando. Muchas gracias.	3
I'd love to join your study group. I just hope the time difference won't be a problem! Oh I'm Arianna by the way!	3
It will be a new experience for some of us, including my self. I'll join. BTW I'm Krsangi, from Wheeling WV, and am 11.	3
i'm a newbie, too. I don't know about study groups, but I'm willing to find out!	3
Hi! I'm not new on on-line classes, but usually I don't use the groups so much because of my job schedule, so I'm almost a newbie too. I would like to join to your group, if it's ok with you.	3
Hello everyone, I am a newbie to online study groups as well. I am quite fond of cooking and thought that this course would be a great way to learn the science behind cooking.	3
Lets do it.	3
Hello, this is my first MOOC however I have taken online courses before. Love cooking and eating. Looking forward to learning more through this course.	3
I hit anonymous by accident. I am Frank. As I said, I think a study group could be fun.	3
Hi! I would also like to be part of this study group. Very good idea!	3
Hi juan, that would be good if we can start study group together. nice to meet you by the way :)	3
You'll only get emails if you subscribe to this thread. I'm pretty sure there is a button near the top of where your making a new post that allows you to post pictures. Hope that helps.	3
Hello, my name is Paola and I'm from Mexico. I'm a computer engineer with experience in web development. A year ago I studied a specialty for Chef and loved it!	3
Hello, I'm Spandan. I'm an undergraduate studying Mechanical Engineering. I'd also like to join a study group, but it seems like these groups would be more efficient and personal if they were like 5-6 people. Does anyone else agree, and if so, should we start several threads on this?	3
Hi -- I'd like to join your study group, too!	3
Is this for everyone in the study group so we all don't have to prepare and test each meal? If so . . . great idea!! That means I'm doing Meal C.	3
Okay. Thanks.	3
I'd like to join too. New to online courses, how do the study groups work?	3
I have no way to record the sounds for the 3 part question. My call phone is an old, simple one that just makes & receives calls; it's not a 'smart' phone and I don't own a tape recorder. Does anyone have a suggestion for me? Thanks fellow students! Char	3
Maybe changes are good.	3
I'm doing meal C. Is anyone else doing meal C? I should have the assignment completed on Sunday, if not tomorrow. :) Hope everyone is having a good time with this course.	3
I did the chocolate meal too. I found that I didn't get bored of the taste that much. I feel like 3 minutes is a little too long to wait because every after 3 mins I try another piece, it just always brings creamy and sweet flavor back and makes me feel good again. maybe I should try with dark chocolate instead. The one I tried was milk chocolate.	2
Hi! I tried the pure chocolate too. I'm not a fan but I would say it changes my perspectives hahaha, I did it with 'dark bites' and was cool. And I'd love the other assignment, how taking them by turns change your perception on flavor even if it's not supposed to taste like that, for me I could say I like to cook, so often I do something similar with salt on chocolate mousse and changes so much, is a funny taste.	2
I'm confused. For the quiz's how is the computer supposed to grade us on our personal experience? Do you earn the grade just by participating?	3
Yup.	3
Yes, you just fill the quiz. I know this will help us a lot for next assignments. And is fun!	3
I thought they were graded. But it dawned on me: How could the computer grade each individuals experience? I guess we'll find out when we finish the quiz.	3
I took the quiz, and you get a point for each question you answer.	3
I also used Swedish Fish for the wine gums. After I ate the Swedish Fish the first cracker was amazing and then the crackers got worse and worse. As for the chocolate. . . I LOVED it.	3
Hahahahaha Agreed! For me waiting so long to take the next one change my way of appreciate it, but was a good experience, the third one tasted even better, just and extra perception I guess.	3
Hi! I would like to join this group. I am Anna from Ukraine. In first assignment I had Menu A with wine gums. I loved them much a couple years ago. But today it was difficult to eat 9 pieces. And the last piece was chocolate. It seems so tasty after wine gums.	3
Hi! I did the pure chocolate menu, I'm not really taken by chocolate, but something change my mind after this, like the third one maybe because of the anticipation was even better than first one, the rest is another story. Good excersise!	3
That's an interesting test with mangoes, Larry. What was the outcome? I  spent this summer gorging on mangoes (we have a mango tree in the  garden) but could not go beyond one raw mango without my teeth feeling  like they will fall off.	3
In week three lecture 2 - It is good to see red! - When Professor. King Chow talks about the Opponent Colour Theory and then he shows you what he is talking about with the 'mango on the blue background' and the 'chili on the green background'. What would happen if you had, say, something yellow on a green background? Would the colours be switched around after he switched screens and you blinked like they did with the opponent colours? Or after you blinked would they stay the same colours? OR after you blinked would they not really be any colour? Any thoughts?	2
Anyone from Pittsburgh, PA? Is anyone from the Pgh area taking this course?	3
I am	3
I'm pretty close to Pittsburgh.	3
Bucks County..same state	3
Study group from Philippines  Hi I am Jomar. Let's help each other and share our thoughts here. :)	3
This is great! We'll be needing this! Pilipinas represent!:) haha	3
This is my first online class. :) Hello to both of you... Hope we can help each other here! :)	3
glad you liked adobo, but i'm sure that as you discover more of the cuisine you'll realize that there so much more to 'just adobo':)	3
Hi Rachel! Welcome to the Philippine Study group! Aside from adobo, you should try cooking Sinigang, Kare-Kare, Kaldereta, Menudo, Afritada, Asado, Mechado, Hamonado, and Relyenong Bangus (Milk Fish) to name a few. And for the Dessert, you should try making Halo-halo. Even Anthony Bourdain liked it when he first tried eating one from Jolibee. If you need recipes just let me know! :)	3
Hi all! Looking forward to this class!  Hi Rachel! That's great to hear! Our cuisine isn't that known around the world, considering how many Filipinos are there living abroad. Hope we can share more of our food with you. :-)	3
Hi, I'm Filipino but migrated to Australia when I was little. I totally agree about the lack of awareness about Filipino cuisine, although there are a sprinkling of restaurants around, as well as home catering. An Australian show called also featured Filipino food, which I thought was pretty exciting! Food's the biggest connection I have to the Philippines, especially during Christmas time when the extended family gets together and has the most awesome feasts! My sisters and I are putting together a cookbook of my lola's dishes (very loose recipes that are more of a guide, since she believes in experimenting more than following instructions...). What are some of your favourite Filipino dishes?	3
Hi Sienna! I'm Filipina too :) My favorite Filipino dishes are... too many to mention. Haha. But I have to say adobo tops the list. I also love pochero and sinigang (bangus/milkfish sinigang cooked with miso, shrimp sinigang and pork sinigang particularly), sinampalukang manok (sour chicken soup with tamarind).	3
Hi I'm Karl. I'm from the Philippines. :)	3
go Philippines.... i already took up culinary courses which i enjoyed most and continuing studying courses related on food.	3
Hey everyone! I'm Jen. This is awesome! Excited to be learning things with you guys :)	3
Hi, im also a filipina who is currently living in switzerland hope to work hand and hamd with ou guys.	3
Where in the Philippines are you all from???	3
hello! im from Marikina City. :)	3
Im living in Hamamatsu Japan right now. But Im originally from Laguna. :)	3
Hi! I'm from Puerto Princesa, excited to be learning with all of you :)	3
Hi, I'm from Metro Manila! I hope I don't get stereotyped just cause I'm from the city :D Excited to learn with all of you~	3
Ni hao ma! (did i type it correct) Nice to meet you Dani and i think everyone is welcome whether from which part of the country we've came from.  Abbie	3
Hi! I live in Davao City, but I'm originally from Quezon City. :)	3
I'm from the katipunan, quezon city area.	3
I'm from Pampanga. ;)	3
Komusta kayu pu Cabalen?	3
hello, ayos naman Cabalen,ika??? ahaha..medyo hindi ko na gamat magkapampangan. Interesting to know that you're a chocolatier. :)	3
Hi Abbie! I'm doing well! Chocolate is a great ingredient to work on. In my case, It is easier to create chocolates pralines than to bake a cupcake. hehehe...	3
Cabalen! im from angeles din...where did u took up your culinary course?	3
Hi abbie, I took up my culinary course In Ilocos sur because I stayed there for quite sometime.There was this culinary foundation by the congressman which is really good because our teachers are really chefs from 5 star hotels and teachers at CCA,Manila who have lots of experiences.From where are you in Angeles city?	3
Wow,its nice to hear about that, I'm lived near in SM Clark.	3
hi abbie, I am just meters away from SM clark.Are you in business nowadays?	3
Hi, i do have plans in regards of having a business in lieu with food..however im currently concentrating of having an advanced studies abroad...lst time ive went to Paris i got time to discover lots of french cuisine.hopefully one day i can have a forml education in culinary.	3
nice to see that there are so many of us here!:) ipakita natin galling ng pinoy!:)	3
hope we can also meet in one place and exchange ideas on food and maybe business...	3
Hello everyone! =) I'm Bev from Laguna... so excited to learn from you all..	3
Annyeong Haseyo.. Hello to my fellow kababayan :) I'm a native from Laguna, an ofw from South Korea	3
Are u in Seoul???? ive been dreaming of going to S.Korea someday, THANKS TO bigbang and kdramas....hope u can give knowledge S.Korea and there cuisine...kimbap, teokbokki , patbingsoo and kimchi. Are d fuds that i have tried...ehehehe...	3
me too, love korean foods for having simple preparation and healthy ingredients, Korean restaurants are spreading like mushrooms here in Angeles city, Philippines	3
Hey folks,	3
Hi, friends! Dani here. I'm so happy there are so many Filipinos and Filipinas as well as people interested in Filipino cuisine! Things are generally sweeter in our country. My lineage is Chinese, and our Chinese food at home is sweeter than the food in the mainland. I think it's cause of the Filipino influence, but I'm not too sure.	3
Hi guys! Conan here! Hope to finish this course with ya'll! I'm Ilocano, 25 years old. Pastry chef but not a fan of chocolates. Haha! Bakit kaya? Cheers to us! Don't forget to have fun!	3
hi everyone! I'm Joanna from Cavite.	3
Hi everyone.. This is my first online class..	3
Hi guys I'm Paji. I'm originally from Marikina but I recently moved here in Baguio. Anyone here took up a formal culinary classes? I took up fundamentals in culinary arts in ISCAHM. And I'm currently reading The Cook's Bible Le Cordon Bleu. If you want a copy just visit me anytime and you can photocopy my book because it's kinda expensive so I'll share it with you. Hehe. Hope to learn a lot from you too. :)	3
let's go team pilipinas!:)	3
Hi! I'm Deanne, this is my 4th Coursera class :)	3
Your chocolate looks really yummy! We should all get together at the end of the course and do a potluck gathering :)	3
Thanks Anonymous! We should do that and I could bring some Chocolates with me.	3
Since this class is about the science of gastronomy. Let me all invite you to the WOFEX 2013 at the World Trade Center in Buendia, Pasay City from July 31-August 3 . Malagos Chocolates will be giving away free samples of chocolates from different home bakers and chocolatiers. And I have been invited to make some Cashew fudge and walnut fudge. I hope you can drop by at booth 324 to sample some of the chocolate creations.	3
hi mark, thanks for the info. I may attend this event which I have been waiting for. hope we can meet. good luck..	3
You are very much welcome Josephine. i hope we can meet there. I will be there support Malagos Chocolates and also to look around for interesting ingredients.	3
Hi Kristine,	3
Hi Mark, I just viewed the details of WOFEX but the pre registration for general public is already closed.Are we allowed to enter the venue without any recommendation? Or just pay 150 then we can enter the site.What time is the opening of the event?	3
Hi everyone! I'm Roan Ebrahim, also a Filipino. Registered late so I'm just starting today. Wish me luck catching up. :)	3
hi! im sheila, born in pasig city, now living in cebu city. a homeschool mom and my fam loves to eat : )	3
Question po which one ang bibilin mo??? In terms of price, quality, taste, visual appearance, brand/label..overall rating which one ang bibilin mo if you are a buyer? please i need comments po, im doing a case study! A toblerone or flat tops??? sorry dnt know how to post a pic....thanksssss	3
Thanks! But in case there is no budget constraint and purely were just basing it to your own preference po? which one will you buy?	3
Hi Abbie! I would buy toblerone because of what is written on the packaging as well as the taste. Although I prefer to buy dark chocolates because it contains less sugar and is much healthier. Ingredients: Sugar, whole milk powder, , honey (3%), milk fat, almonds (1.6%), emulsifier (soya lecithin), egg white, flavouring (vanillin). Toblerone is made with compared to the taht was used to make Flat tops. The ingredients of the chocolates as well as how it is marketed also determines the price. A should have 5 main ingredients: (Example: Toblerone) A is made up of the following (Example: Flat Tops)	3
hi abbie, without budget constraint, I think the appearance counts most and then the brand. In culinary, there is a saying that 'we eat with our eyes'. Meaning, the first sense that is stimulated are the eyes that is why there is the color additives on food.	3
hi guys thank you for your comments and ideas,i do appreciate it,anyways Hows everyone????How do you find are lessons?	3
hi guys... sinong nakatapos ng course? nag-enjoy ba kayo? :)	3
Brasil Anyone from Brasil?	3
Yes :)	3
OK, I'm also here. :)	3
George, em Fortaleza, CE.	3
Porto Alegre aqui. Surpreso com a quantidade de Brasileiros!	3
Sou de Campinas, SP.	3
Sou paulistano e moro no Rio.	3
Hi all,	3
Brasileira de SP morando na Alemanha!	3
em que lugar? morei um ano em Colonia	3
Rio de Janeiro!	3
Sou de BSB. Bom curso a todos.	3
Campinas - SP ! ;)	3
Oi a todos. Sou de Belo Horizonte, MG.	3
Dominican Republic Hi, everyone living in the Dominican Republic? Offer my place Aubergine to use as study point place. Special for subscribed in science of cooking.	3
How come you live there as a German?	3
Climate and nice people. To open own restaurant much cheaper and easier.	3
Hey, where's that 'Aubergine' located?	3
in the mountains of cambita-garabito, san cristobal	3
That's cool but's kind of hard for me cause I don't have a car.	3
I'm always surprised that nobody has ever done a sort of car riders community in the DR. Gas is expensive enough.	3
Hello, I'm a dominican in this class, there are more involve?	3
Esta permitido hablar espanol ! Si comentamos aqui es por que somos dominicanos o vivimos en RD.... jajaja	3
Anyone from The Netherlands? Hi guys, is there anyone from The Netherlands on this course?	3
Hi Gaia, I will unfortunately also be away during the course. I am not a professional (yet!) but passionate about cooking and on a sabbatical from my job to improve my skills and maybe find a second career in this field.	3
Hi, I am from Belgium but living in Spain.... Love cooking and exploring new things, following some Dutch blogs on food which are really interesting. I won't be away as I live, since almost 2 years now, where my work is... I rent holiday houses what they call here 'cueva' (grotwoningen). Enjoy the course!	3
Hi Dominique, I live in Amsterdam!	3
Hi, I'm Mark, 44 yo, from the Netherlands... Uithoorn (just south of Amsterdam)	3
I'm Janet, I live in the Netherlands, in Rijswijk ZH. Originally from South Africa. I belong to a Cooking Club, Les Amis de Cuisine. I'm very interested in food science, and a have a few books on the subject already. An online course sounded kinda fun.	3
Hi All,	3
Hi Ashley, I am just South of Amsterdam and I am always happy to meet people to cook. I will however be away from end of July onward	3
Yep, from Amsterdam, the north, close to CS. I'm game for a meetup in real life.  Love to cook and write about food (blogging), that is my main reason for  taking this course. Love to hear what you guys come up with for a meetup, - Sidney	3
Boekelo, near Enschede, here :)	3
I'm from Zwolle! :)	3
Hi, Neda here from The Hague...	3
Hi, All! I was an Erasmus Exchange teacher in DenHaag last year. I like Holland and my partner is Dutch. I wanna live there one day and open a small shop where I can serve some homemade food with different types of teas as I am a tea lover. Good luck to us all, Asuman	3
Vladimir, from Amsterdam. I would be interested in other people's reasons for taking this course. Maybe we could indeed organize a meetup (in real life)?	3
Love your website! Stunning images! Blogger/photographer myself, but as for food photography - I'm still quite a beginner...	3
I honestly wouldn't tell you're a beginner by the way you make your food photos. To be honest, I was pretty sure you took some courses, maybe even gave them yourself :D Also, I read you did an illustration course? A friend of mine, also from Utrecht, did one last year as well! Does the name Lotte mean anything to you? Blonde girl, glasses... Not sure if it was the same course, but small world either way!	3
I'm a blogger as well! if you're interested :) Very jealous of both of your blogs! x	3
Elma, it's in Amersfoort so feel free to come take a look sometime :) We're having a summer stop at the moment, but maybe in September? Alessandra, I love it! I've got many friends with different food restrictions so I've added you on Twitter and looking forward to read more!	3
Hi people! I'm Alessandra and I write from Leiden. I love cooking and science so I think I will also love this course!	3
Yay, a fellow Alessandra! :)	3
Hello, Grete from Sittard	3
Hi, I'm Jasper and I'm from Gorinchem. Quite a Dutch crowd here! :)	3
Hi!	3
I'd love to participate to a meetup. Amsterdam is no problem for me. I just had a look at your flavourspace site and it is a very interesting concept. Would really like to understand more about it.	3
Thanks, Dominique. Let's see if there is interest and we'll set it up easily.	3
Hi!	3
Hello from Alkmaar, just above Amsterdam. Meeting up sounds like fun and good food.	3
Hi, I'm Olga from Amsterdam :)	3
Hi, all, I'm from Leiden! Really looking forward to this course. The meetup is an axcellent idea, hope to see you all there.	3
And don't forget sharing food.	3
Hi y'all :P,	3
Hello everyone!	3
Hi, I'm from Bodegraven near Gouda!	3
I'm from Hemiksem near Antwerp in Belgium.	3
I'm from Beveren (aan de andere kant van het water), but I live in the Netherlands	3
..over 't woater...	3
:)	3
Alright guys, if you're up for it, I can arrange a place for about 50 people in the center of Amsterdam (without kitchen, though). Something like 19-21h or 20-22h would be possible, and I propose e.g. Thursday, July 18.	3
I am definitively up to it and the date is OK. What's your idea about the meeting? Just an informal gathering or should we have a purpose and / or some kind of agenda? Do you want people to bring food / drinks or is it more a meeting kind of gathering? Happy to help you organise if you want.	3
Well, the idea came to me yesterday, so I thought we could define it here together. Given that there's no kitchen in the place I can arrange, I suppose it would be less hands-on, but we can discuss the concepts covered in the course. You can think of it as a networking event, too. If there is interest, we can set up an agenda, where people can present themselves or their initiatives. Let's gather some input from others and see how to set the meetup's course. Thanks for the offer to help!	3
What could be the purpose if not meeting each other? The course has not even started, yet! Must there always be an agenda? Love for food is not enough? Relax Dominique, you are not among bankers, here :)	3
This is what we'll do: wait some more, then try setting up a meetup for one of the days around the proposed date. If that doesn't work, the three of us can meet for a drink. How does that sound?	3
I'd like to join sometime, however since I have to travel for about an hour and a half one way, I'd prefer some weekend meet up :) Actually, me and my b/f will be in Amsterdam on the 20th of July for the Urban Photo Race, but that'll probably take up almost the whole day, unless someone would want to meet up for dinner and/or drinks around dinner time :)	3
Good for me V. I am quite flexible the week of July 18th and the begin of the week thereafter	3
Yes, good for me!	3
Can't make a live meetup next week(s): away for holidays. Dunno about the course, but Austrian-wifi will help.	3
Unfortunately I cannot make the 18th as I already have plans - if this date works best for everyone I am happy to hand over the meet-up page to one of you, but if not maybe we can find another date that works for everyone?	3
Hi Ashley, 18th is not fixed, feel free to propose another date. Note that many people will probably go on vacation towards the end of July, though.	3
Doing gastronomy @Boulevard Utrecht right now :)	3
Kan de discussie niet gewoon in het Nederlands?	3
I think participants from Netherlands have different backgrounds and most probably they don't (including me) have enough proficiency to communicate in Dutch.	3
Very good, trobia, although there's no option for 18th ;)	3
Modified accordingly	3
Hi everybody! I'm from Brazil but currently live in Vroomshoop near Almelo! Greetings to y'all!	3
Another participant from Utrecht!	3
Hi, I'm Raquel and will be in Amsterdam for most of July if there are any 'study' sessions planned.	3
Aloha! Dennis from Utrecht.	3
Hi there,	3
Has anyone done the second assignment already?	3
yep I did!	3
I did the 9 crackers plus 1 chocolate, nothing tasted below 6, obviously the satisfaction went ebbing down after the first 3 pieces of crackers.	3
I did the 9 crackers and 1 chocolate. I don't like crackers much, but they improved as I ate more of them, and then began tasting boring again. Odd.	3
Stupid timezones! I mist the deadline for the assignments :(	3
Anyone from Greece? Hey everyone, anyone from Greece Have Fun!!	3
Hey Athens calling!	3
Hi everybody!	3
Cyprus here. Kali aurexi!	3
Athens here	3
Hello from Athens! I am very happy to see I'm not the only one from Greece. Enjoy!	3
Hello from Athens!!!:)))	3
Kali arxi se ollous apo pekino !!	3
Hello from Kiato!!	3
Hi from Athens! go for it...	3
Hello from Athens, have fun!	3
Hello from Athens!!!!!!!	3
Anybody from Istanbul? Hi, I am Asuman, an English teacher from Istanbul. I love cooking and I am interested in all about food and cooking.	3
Merhaba Asuman Hanim,	3
Hi Maria, Nice to know that there are some other interested friends from Turkey in this program. Kolay gelsin to you, too!	3
Hi Maria Thank you for sharing secrets. That is real treasure!	3
Hello Turkish Friends . Its nice meeting You all. Would love to be part of your group. I m Dr.Waqar Zafar from Pakistan.	3
Hi Meri and Waqar	3
I am from Istanbul too :) I'm studying Psychology at Istanbul University. This is a good course, I'm sure it will be fun. Iyi dersler :)	3
Hi everyone. I'm living in Istanbul and surprised to see posts at this early stage of the course. I think we're gonna learn some under estimated properties of delightful cuisine, at least under estimated by people like me :)) Bon appetite!	3
Hello Everybody,	3
Nice to meet you all here! Good luck! Let's have a great experience sharing a lot together!	3
Hi everyone, I'm living in Ankara.	3
Study group in Melbourne Is there anybody enrolled in the course from Melbourne, Australia? Love to look to set up a study group. Stay well	3
Hello, I'm in Melbs, near the city. Let's eat! I have started a meetup for this but just in case you don't use meetup we can connect on here.	3
Sure please come join us. The more the merrier. Good luck with all your assignments. This course is so much fun, what other course forces you to eat chocolate for homework??	1	1
Hello, I am from Adelaide, but in Melb for work a bit from the 20-29th of July,	3
Meetup details have been updated, Christian - hope you have arrived in time for the meetup. Let me know if not so we can rearrange the time or make alternate plans. You will need food buddies while in Melbs.	3
Unfortunately I am unable to attend the first Melbourne meetup as I will be interstate. However I look forward to meeting with you at the second meetup. Cheers	3
Hi all Sydney Boy here travel to Melbourne a lot actually in Melbourne now enjoying the classes and lectures take care Chef Adam	3
Anyone from India/bangalore? Anyone from India/bangalore?	3
Yup, I'm currently in Bangalore.	3
yeah....:)	3
hey! I am from ahmedabad	3
hi, i am in hyderabad. good to see some people from india.	3
yeah i am from rainy wet bangalore :-)	3
Hi all,	3
Same here!! I live in New York what about you? Where in India are you from? It is nice to see Indians here :)	3
Hi! I am from Mumbai .	3
I am originally from Chennai, now I am in New York, it is so hard to find Tamilians around here. Nice to see you here! -Rebecca	3
wow......gud to know the world is really small!!!:)	3
Hi Priyanka, Where are you put up? I would like the world to be a lil more smaller, and hope to meet more people, Tamilians would an added bonus :D	3
Yes! Hello from Bangalore! Anyone interested in a meet up / eat up in a couple of weeks once the course is in full swing?	3
Definitely...wud b great	3
hey even I am from Bangalore....	3
Hey thats great.....should b in touch	3
Hey thats great.....should b in touch	3
Hello Meera. I am from Bangalore, too. :)	3
Yes, from Bangalore!	3
Hi Any one from Mumbai ?	3
Hi, I'm from Mumbai too! So excited for this course!	3
Awesome ! 5 more form Bangalore,	3
Hi, am currently in Bangalore too. Looks like there are quite a few of us :)	3
Sure Sophea, nice suggestion. I am game :-)	3
I am from Delhi . Right now on a visit to the U.S.	3
tried using jelly chocolates fruit flavored.....	3
Fruit Jelly sweets I found were all sugar coated .... I used Falero instead ...worked well :) ... no wine flavours thou!! hehehe	3
Greetings everyone!	3
Hi Morvarid What problems did you have with the assignments ?	3
Hi Again,	3
i am from copenhagen , i am taking chef education here as i have a great passion for cooking	3
Hi Ashis,	3
Hi,	3
I'm from the Netherlands, but living in Oslo (or well, 2 weeks ago I moved from Oslo to a place nearby, but still working in Oslo every day :)).	3
I live in Stavanger, Rogaland (Vestlandet). Not exactly what you were asking for, but since apparently there is not many living in Oslo, I decided to stop by and say hi :)	3
I'm situated in Telemark. 'Only' 2.5h drive from Oslo.:)	3
I am situated in Bergen, Norway. Fun to see that we are several persons from Norway here.	3
Hi everyone!	3
I really like this course and the practical assignments. The course has a science based approach to it, in contrast to the normal recipe based approach. Really like that, allthough it has been a long time since I had natural science in school... ;) What do you think?	1	1
Hello from Hong Kong Hi everybody! My name is John Cheng coming from Hong Kong. I have been working in the information technology sector for the past 38 years. Last year I became a nutritionist and I want to pursue more on food related courses. I hope to learn more from all of you. Cheers!	3
Hi John, i also live in Hong Kong but am travelling presently, back in a few weeks.	3
me gustan estas clases y las tareas son entretenidas, divertidas...	3
Does anyone live in the UAE? If there's anyone taking the class from the UAE, we could swap tips on how to find ingredients or even get together to discuss the class.	3
Hey Rachel,	3
Hello Rachel, I joined the course yesterday. Hilmar from Dubai	3
Hey,	3
Hello Yasmine,	3
Hi Guys! I'm also based in Dubai. I hope you also enjoyed the first week of our class.	3
Hey Hilmar,	3
Gluten-Free? So, I've read the food allergies, intolerances, and vegan/vegetarianism thread. I'm not vegan or vegetarian (insert Ode to Bacon here), but I have a severe non-Celiac gluten intolerance. With over 60,000 people in this course, I am betting that some of the others in this course will not allow the gluten-devil anywhere near their kitchens for fear of cross-contamination. :) With that in mind, does anyone want to do a virtual study group so we can hack the assignments to make them safe for us to prepare and consume? Let me know if you think it's a good idea and note where you would prefer this virtual alliance to be situated (i.e., Facebook, this course thread, Google Groups, time zone-appropriate Google Hangouts). I'm sure the easy way out would be to buy some all-purpose GF flour, but that doesn't exactly tell us what the different agents in it are doing.	3
I will lurk around a thread like this. My daughter has Coeliac disease, and I prepare the meals. I sure would like to know how to properly replace ingredients containing gluten with other gluten free ingredients.	3
Thanks for this writeup.	3
I'll join too. Several family members of mine are coeliac disease suferers, plus some of my students are interested in gluten-free food formulation (I teach food chemistry, among other things). Thanks for starting this thread!	3
I have a friend that's gluten-free and am curious as well. I'll catch the thread here too.	3
Not gluten intolerant-rather, I solely have a wheat intolerance. Regardless, I often stay away from all forms of gluten.	3
Last year I applied for and received a $12k research grant to study the properties of gluten free flours and foods.	3
That sounds excellent! Do you have a paper coming out? Are you in a field that does preprints, or is it mostly proprietary?	3
I would be interested in tapping into your knowledge to.	3
The results are mostly proprietary but I can speak in general terms about the work I did. For instance the properties of individual flours and how they contribute to structure etc. Actually the only thing we are keeping proprietary are a few final formulations we developed.	3
I would love to learn more! As a chemist, I'm thinking if we looked at the chemical structure of the important parts of regular bread and the chemistry of what happens during cooking, I don't see why we can't replicate that chemically without the gluten. We would have to find edible & of course tasty substitutes. Many people online say they are sensitive to Xanthan gum & other substances used to attempt to replicate the taste of gluten-containing products. Maybe there is a better way using chemistry instead of trial & error with different four mixes/ratios & gums etc. Maybe that is what you/your company already did. I would love to know everything you found that you are allowed to share!!	3
I'm no chemist Brandy but I have reviewed dozens and dozens of papers on gluten free yeast leavened products from the Journal of Food Science and many other sources. We have a very good understanding of the mechanisms involved and how gluten (gliadins-glutenins) work to capture CO2 to develop crumb structure but finding an all purpose replacement is the issue. There are some outstanding formulations already out there but there are a couple of major roadblocks. One is shelf life. People who gravitate toward gluten free products tend to be more health conscious than the average consumer so the types of additives used to keep yeast products shelf stable to not play well. Second is nutritional content. Typically the ingredients that work best in gluten free preparations are ones that have minimal nutritional value. I think the Xanthan intolerance thing is way over played. People are paranoid about GMO products and corn is very much associated with GMOs. Being that Xanthan is corn derived I think people are making that association.	3
Most of the work I've done with these kinds of flours has been pretty straight forward. The sweet potato flours work well in sweet desserts like sweet potato cake and other Afro-Caribbean type applications. There has been some work with cassava flour in dry pasta formulations. A lot of work coming out of Brazil with cassava flour. Of course you can use either of these flours to make Fufu. It's a great filling side dish synonymous with some African cuisines. Known by other names depending on the country but it's basically a thick porridge used both as a filler and a carrier to pick up food.	3
I have been gluten free and vegan for the past 2 years to save my health. As I love cooking and eating I developed recipes for my family so I didn't have to cook different meals. I freely share my recipes and would love to have more scientific knowledge to help my cooking - hence this course. I have a FB page is anyone is interested <South African Gluten Free Recipe Exchange>.	3
I'm ok with Gluten but my partner is intolerant to it as well as dairy(casein not lactose), eggs, most nuts, pulses including soya, shellfish and raw tomatoes. It makes for interesting cooking. I tweek and adapt recipes and invent other ones. The egg allergy is the worst one to get around as egg replacement is not very good.	3
Cool! My husband is Gluten Intolerant, i will definitely follow this post for ideas into making recipes GF!	3
I've looked into the paleo diet several times before but with a SEVERE nut allergy, and lots of other allergies and sensitivities I've found the diet rather challenging. Any suggestions or direction from someone who is pursuing it successfully would be much appreciated.	3
Anna -- I usually eat a WAPF-style diet, but I actually started a Whole30 six days ago. I do not regret a thing I ate during my birthday month (June), but I really needed a reset. It's going to be tough to do this during the course, but I am planning on making frozen banana ice cream and some Whole30-compliant bread. I know that the Whole30 people refer to these things as 'having sex with your pants on,' but I'm doing it for science!	3
Hello all, Anna, I wanted to reach out to you because I was just recently diagnosed with Lupus and I believe that diet has so much to do with ones health and well being I wanted to ask you about the diet that you've been keeping. Where can I find out more about the paleo diet? Do you have any suggestions? Do you feel like it helps to keep your flares at bay? I am in the middle of my first one and I just want it to go away already! Anyway, just thought I would connect to say hi and see if you had any advice.	3
i need help starting a discussion, i can't find how to in my ipad or computer ..please help. Thanks	3
First, look at the top of this page where it says 'Gluten-Free?' in bold. Above that, you will see two links: 'Forums / Study Groups.' Click 'Study Groups.' And then do this (I've written text in orange above where you need to click.):	3
That button is not present for me.	3
I don't think that intolerance levels are necessarily growing. I think it's more so that it is being diagnosed more now in cases that it wouldn't have been in the past. The growth of gluten free goes far beyond gluten intolerance and Celiacs though.	3
Before modern science, many things were classified as wasting diseases. People could see some differences (i.e., intestinal damage often creates visible signatures in human waste), but did not know the cause. Here's a bit of an overview if you want to read more about the history of Celiac specifically.	3
Brandy, where's that graph it would be neat to see it. Thanks.	3
I'll try to find it. It was in a TED talk.	3
Beginning in the 1990s new proteins were engineered into our food supply, per the USDA, but no human trials were conducted to see if they were safe! What was added to the dairy & milk supply was not proven safe, so most of the world said we are not injecting those proteins & growth hormones into our cows. The USA said it has not been proven dangerous so we're going to forge ahead. :-(	3
I'm also on a gluten-free diet so will be following this section with interest. Not sure yet what the assignments will be, but mine will have to be GF. :-)	3
The cravings mean that your body hasn't been 'weaned' off of wheat. For the first few months of being GF, the cravings are awful, but if you stick to it, they go away like magic. Thinking hard about what you want is also important. During my bread cravings period, I realized that I didn't actually want bread, for instance --- I just wanted the toppings. Same went for spaghetti. It also helps to avoid manufactured GF breads and pastas for at least 3 months. (Spaghetti squash and zucchini make great noodle substitutes in the meantime, and there are some great pound-cake quick bread things floating around on the Internet that you could try!) When comparing my experience to other GF people, it seems like those of us who waited experience much less disappointment with the substitutes.	3
cravings were terrible for me at first as well.. trick I used was every time I got a craving or would walk near the bakery section and smell the bread or whatever.. I would tell myself how that was really just very attractive rat poison. It smells nice to entice me to eat it, just like rat poison does to rats.. but, just like with the rats, it will kill me. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but it would be slowly, and for me, painfully, killing me. After a few weeks of telling myself this, even the smell of fresh baked bread would smell 'bad' to me. It's been over 2 years now since I've even been tempted to 'cheat' and I can tell fairly quickly if I've been CC'd, even just a little. Now, of course, if I want bread or crackers, I generally make them myself, and there are some great gf pastas, that even my non-gf husband likes (haven't found a bread recipe he really likes, but he and the girls wolf down the crackers when I make them..) I agree with giving your palate a few months off before trying some of the bread and cake substitutions, they don't really need to be a regular part of your diet anyway and they will taste different, and there are some that are better then others, but everyone has slightly different opinions on those :)	3
Gluten free for a little over 2 years, so I'm all for an on-going thread for suggestions in helping with some of the assignments. I also have issues with shell fish and alcohol so this is going to be an interesting class. Taking it for the experience and what info i CAN take from it, so grade doesn't matter as much to me. My dx was 'accidental' after doing a cleansing diet thing.. so is wasn't able to get proper testing before going gf, and when i tried to go back on for testing, I was horribly ill and nearly incapacitated in less then a week, so we called things off.. given my personal and family history, we're about 95% sure I have celiacs, but since we didn't do the testing, 'officially' I'm NCGS, also actually allergic to wheat. I haven't intentionally had anything with gluten since May of 2011 when I went back on for trial and potential testing, and anytime I get CC'd.. it's not a fun time for me.. migraines, joint pain, etc in addition to the gastric issues, so I don't cook with it anymore either. (Hubby and step kids still occasionally have gluten foods - pasta, bread and the like, but it is kept in a separate area and they have their own kitchen tools, toaster, baking sheets, etc..)	3
It might be worth getting the diagnoses Davina. I'm not sure what the situation is in other countries but in Canada if you are diagnosed you can write off the additional cost of gluten free purchases on your taxes. For instance if you purchase 60 loaves of bread over the year and a normal loaf of bread is $2.75 whereas the gluten free bread is $5.75 you can claim $180 as a medical expense.	3
Michael -- I also learned I was gluten intolerant from an elimination diet when I was between doctors. The amount of pain and GI upset from eating gluten products (which you have to be eating for several weeks for a test to show up positive) does NOT make a real diagnosis worth it, even though I know my health FSA at work would reimburse me for more expensive GF products. One of my sisters thinks she might be gluten intolerant or Celiac, and I'm trying to make her go get the blood test before she tries a GF diet because I don't want her to be caught in the same place.	3
Just as an aside, it is important to keep in mind that not every adverse reaction to gluten is celiac disease- related. On February 2012, a group of fifteen experts from a number of countries published in	3
'	3
Thanks for the information, Judy. But it seems you forgot to post the link. [Edited: I already saw the link, in a previous post by you. Thanks again.]	3
I've seen the site but when I went to find out some info from it it asked for a subsciption. Then the cynic in me kicked in and I'm wondering how much scaremongering is going on. I was wondering if , according to DR Osborne, there is any disease which isn't affected by gluten!	3
Here is one my favourite recipes - Gluten Free, Vegan Millionaires Shortbread. I created this recipe for a friend who is gluten intolerant and desperately missing the sweet treats she used to love. Most of my recipes are freely available on the FB page South African Gluten Free Recipe Exchange.	3
Mmmm!!!	3
My boyfriend has Crohn's so I am definitely interested	3
Hi there! I'm from Venezuela, and I'm gluten intolerant as well, along with two other members of my family. I'm also very interested in a study group regarding this issue. I already checked some assignments and gluten is definitely involved. However, I'm not sure if a substitute would do the trick, because when it comes to chemistry, gluten works in a very particular way. I just hope we can follow the assignments without having to use any gluten.	3
I have a question. I have heard that there is e	3
If they have a poor vitamin status it wouldn't be because of going gluten free. That would be just poor diet choices or some other ailment. Foods that are cut out with a gluten free diet are not a great source of most vitamins to begin with.	3
Many people end up taking vitamin injections as they age (especially b-12). I have GI issues and gluten sensitivity (but I am not celiac), I used to have issues with iron and potassium... but I eat a full plant-based diet (vegan) with supplements during winter only and have had no issues since I switched to plant-based. I think what helps though is since I can't eat well in the morning without getting sick, I juice a lot of fresh vegetables (and when I do use supplements they are liquid). In my experience liquid supplements and real fresh juice is easier for your body to absorb... but I am sure, since everyone is different, there are exceptions.	3
Thank you all! Very useful and clarifying information.	3
I have a gluten intolerance and would love to hear more about how others deal. I love what has been posted so far.	3
I'm so glad I've found this! I am being investigated at the moment for celiacs and thyroid problems. I found that when I cut wheat out of my diet my arthritis improved and I had more energy, when I introduced it again all symptoms returned, worse than before within 18 hours. My doctor has now order blood tests for celiacs, thyroid and inflammatory markers. Looking forward to seeing how people cope with the gluten free diet because even if the blood tests come back normal I am going to cut out wheat.	3
I'm in..... I will follow and post when I can.	3
I am gluten intolerant, and will be following this discussion.	3
Russia Hello, Russians and those who speak Russian! Let's join here for futher discussions;)	3
Moscow is here :)	3
Good evening! I'm from Novokuznetsk, Siberia. I'm looking forward the beginning of this couse.	3
Hi, from Portland, OR. My family immigrated here from Almaty, Kazakhstan!	3
I am brazilian, but my mother is russian. That makes me partially russian too. Hope we all enjoy the course!	3
Just scroll through the list of cities, you'll find something that is in your timezone, like New York.	3
Miranda Programmed cell death and Animal behaviour?	3
Yeah? I' m interested in science, mostly biology.	3
I was thinking about taking these courses, but I'm not sure if I have enough time	3
It be cool if you did. They sound interesting. It shouldn't take to much time because it said it would only take 3-5 hours a week.	3
Hi Guys! Nice to meet you. I am from SPB. I do not have russian keyboard now so for now I ll write in English. Hope it is not a problem :) Really look forward to start the course	3
Vera Privet. A chto takoe Mooc? Eto toze online kurs?	3
Hey, russian-speakers!;-) Im from Pyatigorsk, currently living in New York:-) looking forward to a great course and exciting experiences;-) Took over a dozen courses, loved them all:-)	3
priviet!!	3
Wine gums eto konfety sdelannie iz zhelee, tipa gummy bears. Bolshoi allergen, kstati govoria.	3
Hello everybody )))))	3
Vsem Privet, ya iz Montrealia (Canada). Govoryu i pishu po Russian, English i French. Imeyu svoi food blog, smotrite:	3
Hello, everyone! I am from Odessa, currently live in NJ.	3
hi! are there anyone from Hungary? Yes, me!	3
and me :)	3
and where are you from? :)	3
And me too! :)	3
cool! :) and where from?	3
Me too	3
And where are you from? :)	3
Budapest :)	3
Have you ever done any course on this way? Because I haven't, and I'm a little scared of this. :)	3
Brigi, give me your e-mail adress please, and I will write to you! :)	3
Here you are: anevembrigi@citromail.hu :)	3
Hi there! I'm also from Hungary! :)	3
+1, from Budapest :)	3
+1, Utrecht	3
Hi!	3
not Hungarian, but I have family there :-) in Szombathely :-)	3
+1 Budapest	3
Seattle?! This is my 1st coursera & I'm looking forward to it. Just a shout out to see if anyone else is in the Seattle area. :-)	3
I'm in Midland! It's my second course but I got distracted on my first and didn't finish, but it was a lot of fun and very interesting. I'm glad this one is shorter. I should be less distracted!	3
HI, I am north of Seattle in the San Juan's	3
I'm living in University District :)	3
Nao vivo em lisboa, mas tambem sou portugues (chaves e Santa maria da feira)	3
Anyone from Washington DC? Anyone from Washington DC?	3
NoVA here as well	3
I am from Fairfax County.	3
Hi from Arlington.	3
Fairfax, VA here.	3
Hello, In Germantown, MD.	3
Me too! And I work in Farragut North-home of the amazing food trucks!!	3
Hey! I live in Alexandria Va	3
I live in Silver Spring, MD. I'd love to meet up with locals for study groups, discussions, and labs. I'm not comfortable with coursera using my legal name on here (and I can't figure out how to use a nym) so if you're interested, let me know and we'll get in touch.	3
Hello Ponciano Teran, I hope you find the website to be helpful. Saludos!	3
Hi all,	3
From Raleigh, N.C. - but living in Vienna, Austria.	3
Another from Montgomery County	3
Anyone from Ontario interested in forming a study group? The problem summary: Steps to reproduce: Screenshot:	3
I'm in the Trenton area...it would be great I believe...if those of us within a reasonable travel time got together. Lets see if anyone is interested??? Perhaps we could meet somewhere in the middle of all travel distance?	3
I am also in Toronto...enjoying the lectures. dont eat chocolate.....ah well!	3
Anyone from New Zealand? I'm Michael from Christchurch in New Zealand. I have a background in  science education, and enjoy winemaking, coffee roasting, and have  recently started beekeeping. Are there any other kiwis out there?	3
I sound like a kiwi :P But live in Aussie!!	3
I'm in Auckland. I blog, but not on food, although this course will definitely inform my writing. I can't wait to get stuck in. See you on the Facebook page.	3
I'm in Palmerston North, studying a bachelor of health science (social science rather than medical though) at Massey uni.	3
Hi there! I'm from Christchurch, currently live in Minnesota, USA. Really miss New Zealand and ChCh :)	3
Hi there, I'm a kiwi. I'm a Food Technology teacher and I'm really enjoying being the student instead of the teacher :)	3
No Aucklanders?	3
Im from NZ, but living in Japan.	3
Anyone From Africa ? Hello Friends, I'm from MENA region , anyone from here ? or At least Africa ?	3
hey i am from egypt :D,where are you from??	3
hi i am from Egypt too :D and also Africa ;)	3
anyone from pakistan?? anyone from pakistan or this course is all new for any person here???	3
Yes Mehru . I am Dr.Waqar Zafar from abbottabad KPK aka The Khan's Land. Tell me about yourself , we should partner up for this course.	3
sure.	3
Hi Mehru..I am from Pakistan.Nice to meet you :)	3
same here.:)	3
i am mehru from Lahore studying business and I.T..	3
hi	3
oky..mehru here..:)	3
i hav done first assignment using simple jellies :P	3
Hello! I am madiha from Lahore, Pakistan! Nice to see some Pakistani here :)	3
Anybody did first assignment , whats a wine gum? what its substitue in pakistan?	3
mehru u did first assignment?	3
Mehru , samreen , madiha u guys are taking the course ? i am missing company here	3
This is the sample picture of wine gum.	3
Mexican Group Queremos invitar a nuestros compatriotas Mexicanos a unirse a este grupo como foro de apoyo, buscando un mejor entendimiento del curso y participacion que nos permita comprender mejor las asignaciones a realizar. Recuerden que todos los videos y meterial de lectura estara disponible el dia 10 de Julio tiempo de HK. para Mexico seria un dia antes. El curso sera calificado semanalmente y hay que enviarlo un dia antes de la fecha de entrega, por el tiempo de HK que es un dia antes para nos. en Mexico. Saludos!!	3
hola me uno al grupo, saludos!	3
Buenas noches, me uno al grupo.	3
Hola Guadalupe ! Bienvenida. de que ciudad de Mexico eres ?	3
Que tal Luis!!	3
Hola, yo soy del DF!!! =)	3
?	3
Hola c:  Entiendo que apartir de hoy comenzaremos a tener acceso al material para tomar las clases,  sin embargo no logro encontrarlo, alguien sabe en donde lo puedo enncontrar?, o cual  es la dinamica al respecto? :) Gracias, buen dia.	3
hola soy de jalisco guadalajara me llamo Damian	3
no puedo entrar	3
Claro seria buena idea formar un equipo de trabajo varias cabezas piensan mejor que una.	3
Hola Karla, me llamo Gert y vivo (ahora) en el norte de Alemania. He visitado el DF y otras partes de Mexico varias veces. Como veo que tambien eres sommeliere me interesa si seria posible dejarme informationes/links sobre vino mexicano(de alta calidad por supuesto) y tal vez unas recomendationes de restaurantes en el DF? Interesante tambien el 'Cine Gourmet'(soy un aficionado de las peliculas mexicanas de Luis Bunuel!) Saludos Gert	3
Hola todos! Soy Jessica y vivo en DF.	3
Saludos a todos soy del DF	3
Hola acabod e vistar Taxco hace una semana hermossssssoooooooooo =)	3
Hola a todos! Soy de Sonora pero vivo en el DF.	3
hola a todos ... me llamo Cecilia (ceci) soy de Campeche y comienzo a estudiar artes culinarias estoy en mi tercer semestre y me parecio muy interesante tomar este curso.	3
Hola mi nombre es Alma Ramirez soy de Nvo. Laredo me gusta mas la reposteria que la cocina en general pero es muy importante aprender de todo. Es mi primer curso en linea espero pasar jeje.	3
Que Alegre Mario, ojala podamos apoyarnos con lo del curso,	3
Hola a todos	3
hola todos ya contestaron las preguntas del quizz de la semana 4 ?? estan raras me costaron mucho poder contestarlas	3
Por cierto, vivo en el DF	3
Hola, me llamo German, soy de colima y me acabo de graduar de la lic. en gastronomia y me intereso mucho este curso!	3
Gracias Kitselhy ;)	3
hola soy de nayarit. gracias por decir que es un dia antes la entrega. no se a donde enviar los trabajos y tampoco he visto el examen que menciono lilian velasco. ahora que no hablo ingles y como puedo estoy haciendo las actividades y quiero saber a que pagina enviar las tareas	3
Hola, tambien soy de Mexicali!!!	3
me uni al grupo para que me apoyaran no para descalificarme, no saben que actividades tenga uno. En fin, gracias ya encontre la manera de hacer las tareas. mil gracias por su apoyo.	3
hola! soy de Tabasco, esta es la primera vez que hago un curso en linea!	3
ya termine las tarea :)	3
Que tal!	3
Hola Eduardo! Tienen la distribucion? Me pasas la lista de precios? Gracias!	3
Anyone from China Hi I'm from china, I study in London. We can learn happily together	3
I'm from China, but my English is poor~	3
So do I .	3
I am.	3
Shanghai~	3
Me, too. I study in Shanghai University. Nice to meet you!	3
+1 from shanghai -- am now in London	3
from Nanjing.first time to join in a class~	3
I study in Nanjing. Glad to see you!	3
I'm from Nanjing too .LOL	3
So noone is from hongkong ??	3
I study in taiwan taipei	3
Hi: Everyboby I come from China Hong Kong , I'm chef	3
Hello Chef Eric, I am from Hong Kong too :)	3
Hello Chef Eric and Virgina, my parents are in Hong Kong and will be back in Hong Kong. Currently studying in the States! Nice to meet you.	3
This is from Taiwan,Miaoli. Nice to have u in the same class.	3
cool~ in taipei???	3
I'm from Chengdu!	3
hahahaha ,,i vote you+	3
Me too~~which area are you from?I'm from Jiaxing	3
Which part of Australia? :D	3
No I am not.	3
Hi everyone! I live between Brisbane, Australia, and Shanghai. Hope you are enjoying the course. I just ate ten pieces of chocolate so I'm enjoying it very much!	3
Hi, Im from Mexico but I live in Guiyang, China, already her for almost 4 years	3
yes, in Hong Kong now, this course is so funny and free, like it^^	3
I was born in China, does that count?	3
I am pretty sure I am 100% Chinese.	3
from your name....no one knows u r chinese, LOL	3
so, which county u r living now Sarah?	3
The United States	3
Haha, you are awesome!	3
Ni guo jiang le =) zhende!	3
Hi, classmate! you really have a sense of humor! well done! zhu ni tian tian kai xin	3
You are very kind and I am glad you think so. Feichang Gangxie! and I wish you the same :)	3
Hi gays! I'm from Jiangxi .It is really a surprise that the assignments are just to eat,different from all the courses that I have ever had,very interesting! And this is the first course I chose from MOOC,I'm a fresh man.	3
Why do you just say hello to that particular group of people?	3
Hmmmmm........I am from Guangzhou. Very interesting class to have here but a bit sad that I need to do all those experiment alone. For the first time of my life I find it bad to live alone...LOL	3
Anyone to know, which player support to play back video with subtitle and how to do	3
hello~Found this post too late!A girl from Jinan.	3
Hello everyone, I am from Beijing, live in San Diego right now	3
Berlin? Hello! Is there anyone from Berlin? I live here and just signed up for this class. Looking forward to it and to seeing if there are other students in this city!	3
Anyone from guokr.com? Anyone from guokr.com?	3
Hahahahaha! Me!	3
I wish I could read that.	3
Germany or German dishes?  Anyone in Germany or familiar with German dishes? I'd love to learn some German recipes.	3
What kind of dishes are you looking for?	3
Hello,	3
There exist various websites and cookbooks about german food, that germans use everyday.	3
try googling with google.de (in german)	3
There is a variety of German dishes...it depends on the region. I am living in the most northern part and we eat more fish eg. The south eats more innards. (I know very stereotypic)	3
Just curious, how comes you are interested in German food? It's quite dull comparing to... almost everything else :)	3
I'll be going to Germany on vacation next month so I'm very interesting in knowing about traditional German food. A lot of people tell me to eat sausages and drink beer, but I'm sure there's more to German food than that.	3
Hi Mandi and Marta. I'm married to a German, though we live in Spain, but the first thing that I loved about home-cooking in Germany was that my Mum-in-law, Ana, would say: Carrots for supper, or cabbage, or savoy cabbage, or green beans... So, although almost all meals had some sort of meat component, the 'star' ingredient was almost always a veg. For example, Karottengemuese: Peel and dice a kg of carrots and about 2 potatoes, mix them in a large saucepan with some s & p and add some thick slices of good smoked bacon - push this down into the veg. Add water so it comes up to about 1 cm. from the bottom of the pan and cook till almost done. Mix about 1 tbsp cornflour with cold water and stir it in. Stir often - it will thicken with the pan juices (even if it sticks a little that will just enhance the taste). After a couple of mins., take off the heat and add lots of chopped parsley, adjusting seasoning as necessary. Marta, if you go to Munich, there used to be a great place for food in 'Im Tal', a pedestrian street downtown, where you buy your meat (eg delicious roast shoulder of pork with wonderful crispy crackling) at a counter and ask for the veg. you want to accompany it - my total favourite would be the sauteed potatoes (Bratkartofel) with pureed savoy cabbage Wirsing) - yummm. They had stand-up tables to eat at out in the street. Hope it's still there!!! Just tried to check it out on Google Earth and Google Maps, but can't locate it - maybe it's gone ;-( Have a great time anyway and hope you find some good local places to eat!	3
and here:	3
This is really interesting, in Denmark (northern neighbor to Germany) we also have a dish very much like that and with a similar name, Labskovs. I use leftover meat in dices, pork is the best in my opinion, dices/sliced cooked potatoes and onions - these are fried (in 2 or 3 batches), mixed and some leftover sauce is used to 'collecting' the tastes, and a fried egg and pickled beetroot/cucumber is served along with it. Some even add herring as in the above recipe, but I prefer without. I guess this is very old 'peasant food'.	3
Sorry, the comment belong to the post BELOW!	3
Right, Sarah, the Victualienmarkt is a must!	3
Dayton, OH Anyone from Dayton, OH?	3
Hi, Hyacinth (again)! My son just got me to join this class today. What a hoot!	3
German / danish people around here? Hey folks, if anyone is interested in having a german or danish workgroup, let me know. I'm 22, from Germany and I am studying International Management at two universities in Germany and Denmark.	3
Hi Matti, I am from Hamburg, Germany!	3
Nein, ich glaube nicht.	3
Ich habe es mir auch ein bisschen anders vorgestellt... verstehe ehrlich gesagt auch immernoch nicht ganz wie man hier seinen Schein bekommt...	3
Hello, I am from Denmark :) and studying mechanical engineering at the Technical University of Denmark	3
Hi. Ich bin aus Brasilien aber wohne seit 14 Jahre in DE.	3
Hola Adriana, soy de Munich tambien. Bei mir ist allerdings Deutsch die Muttersprache, dann Englisch, dann Spanisch.	3
Hello, I'm Brazilian and German descendent. Would you mind if I joined this group and kept an eye on what you guys are doing? There's a food revolution going on in German and Denmark and I'd hate to be left out!	3
I'm American, but I have been stationed in Germany for almost 6 years now.	3
You are all welcome. Again, how about creating a group at FB? But to be honest, I think I will not do this course consequently, I am right in the middle of my exams but I'll try.	3
https://www.facebook.com/groups/357723561020002/	3
Hey! I'm from Denmark too.. I'm 24, and starting soon to study at Copenhagen university	3
Hallo, ich komme aus Bonn und habe bereits studiert. Ich bin durch eine Bekannte auf Coursera aufmerksam geworden und finde es bisher ganz interessant. Da ich gerne koche, haben sich meine praktischen Kenntnisse mit den leichten theoretischen aus dem Kurs hier getroffen. Ich bin gespannt wie es weiter geht.	3
Facebook study group for all. Please Introduce yourself, I am Nomi from Pakistan Facebook Study Group >>> Please Up Vote this Post so other can see it.	3
English Facebook group is here: Spanish Facebook group is here:	3
Banja Luka BiH, pozdrav Marinela	3
to je blizu, samo 2 sata od zagreba. bok, marinela	3
obzirom da idemo u hong kong na predavanja, svi smo jako blizu :)	3
jos jedna purgerica, bravo, tu sam....	3
to je blizu, ajmo ih zafrkavat na hrvatskom, rofl	3
hello Amira from Portugal :)	3
Hrvatsko Zagorje! :)	3
medimurje, bravo, i to je tu blizu	3
ajmo, svi streberi na hrpi, rofl	3
super, ima nas ovdje ;)	3
Pozdrav,	3
jeste li probali test sa hranom i zvukom ??	3
:-)	3
Bok ljudi,	3
Eto nas i na novom dijelu weba :)	3
Anyone from Mumbai? Hey, Is anyone taking this course from Mumbai?	3
Hi, I am from Mumbai.	3
Hey Praveen, Good to meet you! How are you finding the course?	3
Nice to meet you Shailesh :)) till now, I am finding this course very interesting...rather enjoying it.	3
Some people from France Hi, Others people from francophone area? Have some meals together, may be cooking together? Richard	3
hi, French mother here, and Courserian addict, more on the tech side.	3
Bonjour tout le monde,	3
Merci Bruno, je ne connaissais pas le nom de Chettinad kitchen mais en regardant les photos, je reconnais quelques fritures et beignets et les plats de	3
Anyone from the Future? !	3
Yes, I'll contact you in 200 years.	3
Are you from furture too?Maybe we are brothers,haha	3
How about the animals? Sorry, I know that the course is not about that, but I would like to know how the nutrition from animals can be halthier? I'm doing biomedicine and I want to work with animals...so it's good to know something about that.	3
I think you need to specify if you mean food made for animals or food made from animals.... you wrote from, but I'm suspecting you mean for...	3
Anyone from France? I want to learn about traditionnel desserts of France	3
Would be glad to help but which kind of desserts ? Depending on the region of France it will change completely like it would between Germany and Italy.	3
Hi Nancy, happy to help too. I am French and based in the US since 2 years. you can find a lot of traditional desserts in France, mainly in 3 categories: the one involving fruits (Tarte Tatin, Charlotte,...), chocolate (mousse, Opera, gateau,...) and cream (creme brulee, choux a la creme,...) and of course Crepes/pancake that can be filled with fruits, chocolate or cream or even alcohol... let me know if you want any recipe	3
Thanks Julie and Bruno for your answer :)	3
Hello Nancy,	3
Merci beaucoup Julie pour l'information :),par contre j'ai une question stp est-ce que je peux reemplacer la creme fleurette avec la creme fraiche?. Merci beaucoup!!	3
Hi Nancy,	3
thank you very much!	3
LET'S GO EAT I love this course because we can learn the science of gastronomy so we can have more chemical knowledge of food. I think that everydody love to eat because it is one of the plesure of life ! what do you think?	1	1
Eating food from another culture gives me great insight into that culture. Eating can be an adventure!	3
aggiunto	3
aggiunto anche io!	3
Thanks for your consideration, Pedro.	3
Anyone from Brazil? Let's study togheter!	3
Bom dia!	3
Wish my Portuguese was better, speak better than write, lived in Rio a few months of year for 5 + years, food was fantastic and fresh, unlike here in NYC. Brazilians restaurants just offer the very mundane food, not very exciting and not much respect for food. Wish I could have participated more, good luck. Tchau	3
From Porto Alegre.	3
Are you a Redditor without a local study group? I've just created as a virtual study group. I honestly don't know if it will have any benefit over the discussion forums here, but it's worth a try. Come over and subscribe.	3
I didn't tweet about the course, but I am in Ireland - Mayo to be precise. Glad I'm not alone!	3
Ah excellent! I'm from Kerry myself but living up in Dublin :)	3
Another one here,. from Dublin.	3
Heya Keith! Am in Dublin too :) From Kerry though.	3
Hello Folks!	3
Oh cool! I'm in Dublin too :)	3
Anyone from Massachusetts? Hey guys, just wanted to know if anyone here lives in or around Massachusetts! I'm from central mass!	3
I'm right next door in New Hampshire. Used to live in the Sturbridge area.	3
Indians join me here! Hello anyone around?	3
Hello there	3
Dominican Republic courserians in this class? Hello, Im interesting to interact with dominicans or people in Dominican R. in this class. Could be really interesting...	3
I'm from Vancouver, WA-pretty close :)	3
I'm in Salem - enjoying the best the Valley has to offer!	3
I'm near Kent, Ohio Hi, I'm near Kent, would anyone like to meet up?	3
Anyone from central Arizona? Maybe we could do some assignments together. Or just cook and discuss what we learned over the weeks. :)	3
Anyone from the SF Bay Area Hi everyone, Has anyone already started a meetup group for the SF Bay Area? I'd love to join you guys!	3
I'm in Sunnyvale.	3
I'm in Oakland.	3
i'am in Oakland too!	3
I'm in Napa!	3
Nice to see that there's quite a few of us! :) I am located in Mountain View.	3
Michael schnautzer I live in redwood city by seaport	3
I live in San Jose, but work in Palo Alto and SF and sometimes go to Oakland on the weekends.	3
I'm in SF but who has time and where and when?	3
I'm only up for SF as a meeting place.	3
I'd be interested if there is a group in SF. Cannot do East Bay.	3
I started a google excel	3
Thanks for starting the sheet, Tracy. Is this just for this week, or for all the meetups in general?	3
I live in SF but am down at Stanford almost every weekend. Taking classes at Stanford so could meet after 4pm on Saturday the 27th and then again on Aug. 3. Where will you meet?	3
The sheet that I made for me, is my schedule in general. Hacker dojo would be a nice space, but I see that it says 'suggest donation of $10/day', and I haven't used that space before. If not...maybe an uncrowded coffee shop in palo alto, mountain view area	3
I go for Palo Alto	3
How do you know you have Gluten problem?  What made you go to see a doctor? I worry I have gluten problem but the symptoms are too common so I get confused !	3
The incidence of people who have Celiac disease is less than one percent of the U.S. population. Similar numbers in Europe.	3
Enlighting experience. Please, see my post below.	3
I had low levels of iron in my blood since childhood. After the birth of my first child, the iron level dropped even lower, to the point where I would just lay down on the floor when I got home from work. Finally my doctor read about gluten intolerance, and noted that I had also complained of joint pain, which the article also noted as a problem with gluten intolerance. He suggested I give up gluten and see if that helped. (This was a long time ago - celiac was considered very rare, so I guess most doctors weren't aware of it.) Within three weeks, my iron level was up close to normal, and I had more energy. Looking back, I think that the ugly rash I had all during high school was caused by gluten.	3
Anyone from Philadelphia area? If yes, we should get together and share our experiences while we are making new friends. I would love that since I am from Hungary. I like to meet new people, and I think food can bring us together.	3
I'm from Philadelphia, but I'm going to mostly be on vacation so I probably won't be able to get together.	3
Anybody from Lithuania? Hello, I'm Jolanta from Lithuania. Is here somebody more from Lithuania?	3
Yep. Labas :)	3
Is Kauno. Kolkas nieko, bet dar tik pradzia	3
Labas! As irgi is Lietuvos, Vilniaus : )	3
Labas, as irgi is Vilniaus :)	3
Sveiki,	3
O geras, nesitikejau kad tiek daug lietuviu bus! Labai smagu jus cia matyti :) as irgi is Vilniaus.	3
Oops - link	3
Victoria. BC Looking for other Coursera students, especially in this class. Victoria, BC, Canada	3
Not sure if there is a search function on this forum or not Charlotte but there are some discussions already under way on Paleo.	3
There's a search function accessible from the main Discussions Forums page, on the right near the top. 'Paleo' shows 32 results thus far.	3
/wave	3
Search Paleo Diet. The latest fad.	3
Paleo is about eating whole, unprocessed foods. Eat animals that are humanely raised i.e., fed the foods they would normally eat in nature, allowed to graze freely and not raised on concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs), and eating fruits and vegetables that are grown without chemicals or are not GMO. It's that simple. The people who call it a fad diet don't understand it's more of a lifestyle than a diet. If eating whole unprocessed foods make you feel good, why would you go back to eating food that makes you feel like garbage?	3
Actually Paleo is a far more detailed fad diet than what you describe. Most people have a very low understanding of what a true Paleo diet actually is. Hence it's popularity. There are so many variations out there people can pick and choose the one that they think is the easiest for them to use and still feel good about it.	3
I am on Paleo diet lifestyle.	3
Yes, been doing it for 2 years with great success.	3
Myself and my lady are paleo at the moment as well, and are both doing the course.	3
You all might be interested in the new lab-grown meat:	3
Virtual Study Room   Hello! I've created a study group for everybody! Here is the link to join: See you all there :)	3
Anyone from Argentina? Hey... alguien que se argentino?	3
Anyone from Simgapore? victor goh	3
Yes I am :-) NUS PhD student	3
Me too! NUS undergrad.	3
Hello fellow countrymen!	3
Any from Queens, NY? Hello, I'm in Bayside.	3
Hi , I am from NJ	3
Westchester county here	3
Born in Elmhurst General Hospital, but grew up in and currently live in Michigan. :-)	3
Food lab @home I'm Brazilian and discovering the many flavours of my own country, by now. I'd like to test new possibilities, but that would include doing some food science research: chemicals, physics, bio and all... Who has tried/attempted to set up a home food lab? Who would like to deploy one? Most of all, who's willing to share the experience?	3
You can use your kitchen utensils to do some experiments, as we have done in this course assignments.	3
Anyone in Salt Lake City, UT? Anyone in Salt Lake City?	3
Vegan group I'd be interested to chat with fellow vegan cooking fanatics. I see there's already a lot of talk about the upcoming steak assignment and hopefully we can think of alternatives. Meanwhile, share your experiences/cooking ideas here :) Yesterday I made noodles with courgette, pepper, mushrooms, onion and garlic, sprinkled with sesame seeds and soy sauce + sweet chili sauce. Yumyum :)	3
i'm vegetarian ( i do not define my self as vegan as i still eat cheese sometime and twice per year fish)	3
Hi! I'm a flexitarian, but definitely interested in vegan cooking, as I often make vegan dishes! Also interested in healthy eating. Moreover I don't ever eat meat from non-sustainable sources, so for example I replaced the wine gums - which at least in my country would be gelatin-based - with dollops of homemade grape jelly (pectin-based). So let's keep each other posted! Thanks!	3
I am not vegetarian, but we eat a lot of veggies at home. My husband and I (both cook) often use recipes from , a book by Diana Shaw. Her lentil soup is just wonderful!	3
I would like to know this lentil soup recipe. There is a very famous greek dish which is called 'fakes' and it's actually a very simple lentil soup. I have cooked it several times for international friends here in Belgium and they all find it delicious. If you want, I can share it.	3
Not a lentil soup but stew. One of the most delicious things I know :) Hint: I don't bother with the parsnip and celery, just carrot	3
I'm not exactly vegan, but consider myself nutritarian, which is very similar. Most of what I eat is vegan, so that's what I generally tell people I am.	3
You've just taught me a new word and a new concept! Thanks!!	3
Laura, here's a website where you can find out more about a nutritarian diet: . I highly recommend his book, 'Eat to Live.'	3
That's interesting! Recently I heard also about diets that are based on the blood type.	3
The blood type diet doesn't have any scientific backing. Also, it claims type O should eat meat, which I, a type O vegan, strongly disagree with! ;)	3
Asian cuisine is so much help for vegans! I love curries and noodles, falafel and hummus :) I've also had a yummy tabbouleh made by a friend but when I tried it myself, it came out very tasteless :P	3
I'm flexitarian but I try to diminish meat from my diet. I'm very interested in vegetarian or vegan recipes.	3
Okay - so how are you planning to replace the prawns in this week's assignment? Thanks for suggestions!	3
I was going to use a piece of nori (seaweed wrapper for sushi) and extrapolate.	3
Walrus Club & Public - Bad chat club A feed to discuss the course for those working at The Walrus Club and Public in Brisbane, Australia.	3
I'm from LA! I live on the West Side. :)	3
I'm in the LA area but on the East Side, hahaha.	3
Westside	3
I'm the friend who is going to Paiche also...come join us!	3
hey, that's right in my 'hood! going out of town this weekend though. have fun! i've already made plans for 2 dineLA dinners. LOVE restaurant week(s)!	3
already made plans for the weekend. Another time then. Perhaps it may be easier to meet for coffee after work or on a weekend? Funnel Mill or Balconi?	3
i went to in santa monica and stefan's at LA farm for the 2nd time (6 courses for $45!!). this friday we're going to libra churrascaria in downtown culver city. :) LOVE restaurant week!	3
Hi! I'm from LA too!	3
A friend of mine said when he was taking a Coursera class, a number of the people in the area (but not necessarily close enough to meet regularly) just did a Google Hangout for study.	3
Hello! I work in the Westside and commute from the Eastside (SGV area). Would love to meet up for some of the class experiments if our schedule works out.	3
Hawaii Hello, I am from Hawaii.. I am not sure if anyone else is close to here	3
Anyone in Wisconsin (milwaukee) I was wondering if anyone wanted to study/watch videos/conduct (no pun intended) the experiments together. I'm a pretty fun laid back person. Not bad looking either. HAHA.	3
Anyone from the UK on here? I'm in Newcastle, would be great to meet up and maybe go for something to eat with anyone doing this course.	3
I am but down South.	3
I am too but in wales, for such a small country, we are pretty spread out :)	3
I'm in London! Looks like we're headed toward covering the whole country.	3
I'm in Belfast - to add to the range within the UK!!	3
Scotland :)	3
I'm in Ipswich. Anyone else nearby?	3
Hi all,	3
once a brit, now a spaniard, living in mallorca, so if any of you are out here on holiday, I'm in Port de Soller in the Sierra Tramuntana... ;-)	3
Norfolk here.	3
Kent is alive and kicking here	3
Manchester	3
I'm in London too! =)	3
I'm from Belgium, but living in Cambridge.	3
Up until 2 years ago I taught culinary arts, International Cuisine and Culinary Trends. The latter course had elements of food science and nutrition.	3
Hi MIcheal, I missed the first week of class because I was not aware of this course until Tuesday. Do you think that so far it is adding value to your knowledge base or updating some info for you?	3
I teach biochemistry, bioprocesses, food chemistry and related matters at college level. I also teach biochemistry at high school level. I also write a blog on the same topics:	3
Hola Delia, I wish my Spanish was as good as my French so I could check out your blog. It doesn't look like the course may has many instructors like us, or at least they have not found this study group. I love teaching food chemistry and science, but not as much as eating.	3
I love eating too! In one of my courses, students had to plan a nutritious, balanced menu and prepare the dishes in the school lab. A lot of fun and a lot of good food!	3
Muchas gracias. Thanks a lot.	3
That would be a very meaningful project to initiate, I just wonder if we can take this forum to kick start a dialog, receiving collection of recipes and suggestions from this diverse community? Love to hear your thoughts.	3
Yes that would be very meaningful. Maybe we can approach hospitals that teach survivors how to mange their diets; invite patients to share their experiences with cooking to meet their specific needs?	3
Dallas, Texas Anyone from Dallas? Would love to meet up and share the enthusiasm for the art and science of cooking.	3
Doner Kebap / Shawerma Hello, anyone in the business of Doner kebap? maybe we can speak and exchange knowledge, or maybe just become friends. :)	3
Color vs. Taste Based on the assignment, I have determined what the connection is flavor wise to color, these would probably enhance any food containing them. Yellow: Bright, zesty, flowery flavor: Example: Turmeric, Lemons Red: Deep, Rich, or sweet Example: raspberry drinks, paprika, or meat Green: leafy, pungent, sour Example: Cilantro Blue: Bitter Example: Cleaning agents, soap Black: Deep, extremely powerful, burnt flavor Example: Charred meat, soy sauce, teriyaki glaze	3
Flavor Contrast vs. Flavor Accompaniement	3
King L. Chow, thank you so much for your explanation, it is so informative and helpful, I really enjoy your classes!	3
anyone from romania? it will be nice to know friends that enjoy cooking and learning about food as much as i do! Maria	3
